This Chen Yuanxiao
When did you become so eloquent?
Keep an eye on the complement
If they find anything
No need to report
Yes
Rongrong, you are in such a hurry to call me over.
Did something happen?
Your Highness, the Kushiro of the Household Department found me yesterday
Ask me to give you something.
Who is Kushiro?
That's a long story.
Lu Shangshu lived a clean life and served as an official to benefit thousands of people
Unfortunately, he was murdered by an adulterer and died in prison
Now his wife and children are reduced to seeing themselves
I can only make a living by begging
Yesterday because you hit Lord Xu
Kushiro risked his life to send me a secret letter this morning
As far as I know
This Lord Lu is due to corruption
Sentenced to death by Dali
It turned out that there was a grievance
Your Highness
This is the heart that the king of the world gave me
Deficit 100,000 two